Add config for setting up Cloud.gov staging environment (#512)
usds/website: README.md

# USDS website

## Setup

### To run

```
$ npm install
$ bundle install
$ npm run serve (or bundle exec jekyll serve)
```

### Deploying a Staging site to cloud.gov

> 1. [Follow appropriate instructions](https://github.com/usds/usds/blob/master/communities/engineering/cloud/cloud-gov.md) to sign up for cloud.gov and configure cloud foundry install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Follow appropriate instructions](https://docs.cloud.gov/) to sign up for cloud.gov and configure cloud foundry install
```
on my mind: the `usds/usds` repo is private.
